<<PackageHeader(qb_hand_control)>>
<<TOC(4)>>

This package contains the ROS control node and its structures to control the ''qbrobotics® qbhand'' device. It exploits the features provided by the base device-independent control library (cf. [[qb_device_control]]) and the specific hardware interface (cf. [[qb_hand_hardware_interface]]).

== Launch files ==
The two launch files start a ROS node for the ''qbhand'' respectively to control it through a GUI and through predefined configurable waypoints (stored in the `config/qbhand_waypoints.yaml`). In both cases the controllers setup can be found in the `config/qbhand_controllers.yaml`; it is recommended not to change the default settings though.

=== gui_control ===
This launch file calls the template [[qb_device_bringup#full_bringup|full_bringup]] with the default settings to bringup a full control node for the ''qbhand'' based on GUI inputs. It also starts the Communication Handler and therefore it is recommended not to start other driver nodes while using this one (cf. [[qb_chain]] to control several devices together).

=== waypoint_control ===
This launch file calls the template [[qb_device_bringup#full_bringup|full_bringup]] with the default settings to bringup a full control node for the ''qbhand'' based on waypoint inputs. It also starts the Communication Handler and therefore it is recommended not to start other driver nodes while using this one (cf. [[qb_chain]] to control several devices together).

== Nodes and API ==
=== qb_hand_control ===
This control library specifically designed for the ''qbhand'' extends the [[qb_device_control]] and exploits the [[qb_hand_hardware_interface]], therefore it provides all the ROS resources and requires all the specifications of this two base packages.

## CategoryPackage